c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibrary.exe
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibrary.pdb
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\BookLibrary_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\BookLibrary.g.resources
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\BookLibrary.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\BookLibrary.exe
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\BookLibrary.pdb
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibServices.dll
c:\users\nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibServices.pdb
C:\Users\Nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibLogics.dll
C:\Users\Nadav\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLibLogics.pdb
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchWindow.baml
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLib.dll
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\bin\Debug\BookLib.pdb
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchResultsWindow.baml
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchTypeWindow.baml
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchResultsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\SearchTypeWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\loginWindow.baml
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\loginWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\editItemWindow.baml
C:\Users\Nadav\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookLibrary\BookLibrary\obj\x86\Debug\editItemWindow.g.cs
